# CommUnity

LegalFamily's "parcel tracking" for patients.

Built on technology so bleeding edge we've got the scars to prove it.

## Features (or "ToDo")

* Location-restricted security.
* Live database backend (Google Firebase looks promising; problem with Elm integration?)
* Extensible plugin architecture for importing/syncing data with diverse systems.
* User-persona appropriate views
    * e.g Patient view help avoid missed appointments.  Pill taking compliance.
        * Time to take your pill!  
    * e.g Doctor view all the info in one place.  Visibility of the trail of evidence and decisoions leading to the current diagnosis.
* Drug view: all the drugs "in play" on a ward.  Highlight controlled drugs in nurse view (special rules apply).

## Adoption

* Opportunities:
    * User-unfriendliness of existing legacy systems (e.g of Trakcare).
    * Unification could reduce wasted time, lost "bed days", improve accuracy of data (reduced re-entry).
    * Pressures/trends to open data silos (c.f OpenBanking).
    * Hook power-user early adopters via customisable, extensible.
    * Regional fragmentation allows a foot in the door on a smaller scale than huge national roll-out?
    * Demographic pressures.  Elderly with complex interacting co-morbidities; need to get a holistic view.
    * Time spent searching for notes by nurses!
    * Trend to "Realistic medicine" (not clear how we actually help with this?)
* Threats/obstacles:
    * "Dogma" re existing systems.
    * Siloed data.
    * 28-year long PPI contracts with EMR providers.
* Strengths:
    * Mobile-first.  EMR on the move.  No more COWs (computers on wheels).
    * Uses robust and efficient advanced functional programming web-tech.
    * Clean "Material Design" UI.
* Weaknesses:
    * No good story on unified back end.

## Dependencies

You'll need node (nodejs) via brew or apgt-get or whatever.

* `elm-package install elm-lang/Http`
* `elm-package install debois/elm-mdl`
* `elm-package install elm-lang/navigation`
* `elm-package install evancz/url-parser`

## Run me

* Run `elm-reactor` in this directory.  It'll serve some webbystuff on `localhost:8000`.  On that page, navigate to `index.html`
OR
* Run `./BUILD`

## Data

Update the autogenerated data files (`PatientList.elm`, `JobList.elm`... maybe others in future) by running `./fakedata.js` *in* `./tools'.
(This is done by the `./BUILD` script).

## Marketing

<https://medium.com/@jakeapeters/how-to-find-your-startups-unfair-competitive-advantage-859c9959a891>
